fix anchors (#35863)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/extension/getbackgroundpage/index.md

}
```

> A script running in a [popup](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Anatomy_of_a_WebExtension#sidebars_popups_and_options_pages_2) can call this function directly like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A script running in a [popup](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/user_interface/Popups) can call this function directly like this:
```
